feat: add `virtual_machines` list in `d/datacenter` (#2276)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-vsphere: website/docs/d/datacenter.html.markdown

## Attribute Reference

> - `id`, which is the [managed objectID][docs-about-morefs] of this datacenter.
> - `virtual_machines`, returns a list of virtual machine names in the specified datacenter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The [managed objectID][docs-about-morefs] of the vSphere datacenter object.
* `virtual_machines` - List of all virtual machines included in the vSphere datacenter object.
```

Author: Done
